all right what's going on guys it's D
coupe back again bring you guys another
man 15 ultimate team commentary in this
video I kid you not we have something
special planned me and lost and unbound
and with that being said lost why don't
you tell the people today what we're
going to be doing guys you are not ready
for this internet is about me shattered
YouTube channels badly shattered guys
right to your super old legends packs
let me get into that for a second we are
going to be doing a pack opening war yes
sir myself and omgg Cooper's to you guys
if you're watching on my channel his
description what I said his description
its channel will be in the description
mutts 2k scan the my team game going you
guys already know the deal if you aren't
already subscribed you are I don't even
know I don't know I'm gonna say about
you channel description sup to him ASAP
so let me give you a little quick
rundown what we're doing sooner we'll
pack these costs like 15 to 50 k the
legends packs whoever gets the better
pool is the winner the loser has to give
up his pole to the winner gets nothing
so this is all or nothing coop anything
else to add but loss what happens if we
tie what if we get the same I don't want
to die because you know what I hate
relying on pro packs so much and you
know what if we do end up saying we each
got open one up the best gold the higher
overall goal from one pro pack is the
winner that's terrible that is awful I
do not like the sound of that I don't
like spending coins on packs period so
here we go guys I'm just going to go
ahead lost is going to be watching my
street my screen he might be a second or
two or three for delayed but like I said
we're going to go ahead add these two
cards to set I did that to build up some
suspense so here we go Superbowl legend
he's getting a Franco I can feel it
already I don't want to Frank low loss
don't you get a Franco you're not gonna
get an L way he's gonna get a Franco
guys everybody get ready for this just
get ready if you can find God's
appointed pneus in him wait for it if
Franco is a nickname for Elway then I'm
not getting in no way all right you know
what you know what here we go Superbowl
legends Pat its opening all right get
out
that Franco is that a friend let's go
breakaway yo what I know you everybody
just witnessed at everybody my channel
couch and I don't even know where you're
watching I don't even care you saw that
right there you saw it you saw Franco
Harris stuff what happened there cool
what happened there we gotta live inside
footage just lost the Super Bowl legend
war unless I get a frank up I mean
listen the only way you have a chance of
winning is if I get Franco sooo I think
he's the lowest the lowest car to get
and value I don't know I think Darnell
Dockett might be kind of all my father
right right now alright it's time for me
to share my screen is it is the time for
me to get l wait can I could use a new
quarterback you know I'm like in Big Ben
but always a nice QB to get opening
packs soon in a second look at that pack
the super bowl legends it looks a little
bit it's a little bit bland on the
outside but the inside hey all we need
is anybody better than Franco I don't
want free cokes I don't want to rely on
a pro back are you ready coop you're
gonna get Franco good me uh yeah grab
Franco you already got Frank there's not
much alright let's go let's go let me
show open it up your boots don't get
Franco anybody would Franco anybody was
frayed I took Bruce will take a baby
that is game over and out 97 yo snag
goes for a lot code 97 Isaac Bruce six
feet saw 95 speed do you like the 98
catch traffic I need Cookies advice do
you like the nine th at's of traffic do
you like that nice seventh catching coop
what do you think about it you don't
worry about that you know what I'm going
to go check the price because you never
know you never know you never know what
I'm what's gonna happen it's isaac bruce
isaac your i bet the lower version the
90 overall or 93 overall it's probably
going more than Franco Harris right now
that is a bold statement I have faith in
my man Franco I haven't looked at his
price in a while but let me know I it's
time to put up a car oh wow he's less
than 100
8 oh my goodness no uh oh yeah oh yeah
Franco Franco I'm gonna stay Isaac Bruce
is definitely under 100k I go check
Isaac Bruce just be overrun don't know
we are good be overrun go and we are
good let's see let's see let's see okay
I saw 56 Cape that's the 93 version 97
173 throw is the lowest and I don't even
want to sell them as a monster and you
starting receiver how do you feel that
that coop you hanging in there I mean
you win some you lose some you're not
proud of some and this is definitely in
the Boston not proud column but if
Franco's a great police in 97 too right
you're gonna use them you starting
running back let's go Franco Harris 90
was a 92 speed under a hundred K in
value that's all right hang in there
coupe that is all right i mean the
better question is are you going to lose
by me are you going to use them because
you just actually won the wager in case
you forgot i already got a Franco I got
to franco's now I'm bad have three
Franco's gonna be a little party over
here let's take it put him on the block
I don't mind he's your hand okay trigger
man that's what's up so I hope you guys
enjoyed the video I'm going to have to
go ahead send this Franco over the loss
he called it at that's ridiculous any
last words loss I don't know man respect
to you a good game I guess even though
not really a game good wager good good
war good war I'm not gonna get sooo on
your buff for this because you know what
I got a Franco as well before and that
was embarrassing so I feel you coop it
was a good one guys keep an eye out for
more stuff like this drop a like on the
video if you do like this type of stuff
if you do like the wars that you do like
seeing me winning the wars Isaac Bruce
my man Franco Harris better be on the
squad as well coop anything else to say
I think they need some Cooper you wish
them at the end of the video they need
some kupi wisdom at the end I'm on the
fly you got anything cool Saints are
gonna win a Super Bowl all right oh
they're not even in there
I mean I didn't say which Super Bowl
you're right you're right you're right
all right guys listen I'm Kiku and I'm
signing out peace